docs: add instruction for setting up PostgreSQL with  Docker (#2103)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/tutorial/0-set-up-your-development-environment.mdx

You can download PostgreSQL on your macOS using [the installer on their website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/macosx/).

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="docker" label="Docker">

> If you have Docker installed, you can quickly spin up a PostgreSQL instance with the following command:

Reviewer: After testing this command locally on macOS, I faced an error but it was because the Docker desktop app wasn't running. Let's change the text to the following:

```suggestion
Make sure the Docker Desktop app is running, then run the following command to quickly spin up a PostgreSQL instance:
```

Since the reader chose the Docker tab, it is assumed they already use docker and have it installed

```bash
docker run --name postgres -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -e POSTGRES_DB=medusa-docker -p 5432:5432 -d postgres
```

> `--name` creates a new container named `postgres`.
> 
> `-e` creates environment variables POSTGRES_USER, POSTGRES_PASSWORD and POSTGRES_DB. These will be used to set up a database named `medusa-docker` with username and password being `postgres`.
> 
> `-p` maps the container port 5432 to the external host 5432. This allows you to connect to the database server from the outside.
> 
> `-d` enables Docker to run the container in the background.
> 
> The last seciton of the command, `postgres` grabs the latest postgres image from the Docker hub.

Reviewer: Please check the text in the suggestion to make sure it's all correct relative to Docker since I don't have much experience with it.

```suggestion
Where:

- `--name` creates a new container named `postgres`.
- `-e` creates environment variables `POSTGRES_USER`, `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` and `POSTGRES_DB`. These will be used to set up a database named `medusa-docker` with the username and password being `postgres`.
- `-p` maps the container port `5432` to the external host `5432`. This allows you to connect to the database server from outside of the container.
- `-d` enables Docker to run the container in the background.
- The last section of the command, `postgres` grabs the latest postgres image from the Docker hub.
```

Author: I've used Postgre with Docker a lot lately so I'm very sure that they are correct.

Reviewer: I meant to check the changes I made and not the original text that you wrote 😄

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> #### Set up PostgreSQL with Docker

Reviewer: can you instead add a docker tab to the list of tabs above? so it will be one of the tabs next to macOS, windows, etc...

Author: Done as you requested. Please tell me if it needs further fine-tuning.
